c:\users\jakah\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Project\Final_Project\bin\Debug\Final_Project.exe.config
c:\users\jakah\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Project\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Final_Project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jakah\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Project\Final_Project\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jakah\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Project\Final_Project\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jakah\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Project\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Final_Project_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jakah\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Project\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Final_Project_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\jakah\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Project\Final_Project\bin\Debug\Final_Project.exe
c:\users\jakah\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Project\Final_Project\bin\Debug\Final_Project.pdb
c:\users\jakah\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Project\Final_Project\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jakah\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Project\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Final_Project.g.resources
c:\users\jakah\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Project\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Final_Project.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jakah\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Project\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Final_Project.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jakah\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Project\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Final_Project.exe
c:\users\jakah\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Project\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Final_Project.pdb
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\bin\Debug\Final_Project.exe.config
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Final_Project.exe
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Final_Project.pdb
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Final_Project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Final_Project_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Final_Project_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Dashboard.g.cs
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\obj\Debug\SummeryAdd.g.cs
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\bin\Debug\Final_Project.exe
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\bin\Debug\Final_Project.pdb
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Dashboard.baml
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\obj\Debug\SummeryAdd.baml
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Final_Project.g.resources
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Final_Project.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\shant\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\finalproject\Final_Project\obj\Debug\Final_Project.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
